love you the whole night you told me
over and over again you'd leave Miriam
we made plans you did I know I told you
this before but if you play your cards
right you could have my body wouldn't
you rather leave it to science
the woman won't listen to reason then
you go on to the next step what threats
violets what are we talking about here
she can be gotten rid of I mean I know a
lot of people money will buy whatever's
necessary I'm even gonna comment on that
that's mine
babies and sleep intent dreaming away
hitless marry me I'm serious I'm says
the only thing that will satisfy me
marry me I'm crazy about you you single
you know my marriage is not gonna like
how to talk to you
to hold a mystery
it's a human life you don't think God
sees God is a luxury I can't afford